Hahaha
Your Majesty, you are somewhat wronged
How can I have a black heart and hate?
If this gets out
How should this historian write a minister?
How should this Wan Qing Chen Ming see the minister?
I misused the word
But that's what it means
For these vassals
What's your plan?
Your Majesty really wants to attack the criminal king
Since I ascended the throne
I've always wanted Xue Fan
I just held back
Now I don't want to endure
I want to do it
Then please inform Your Majesty one or two
The minister can also make a move
Daqianfang King Zhiqiang has his own fief
Within the fief
Have their own land
Very little military power
He is a veritable emperor
Lamb, this matter of Xue Fan
You can also consider a few days.
Don't rush to answer me
Your Majesty
I have a plan
And the snow blade of the Ministry of War weakens the power of all things
lamb
What is it?
Your Majesty
I have always thought that the world is full of prosperity
The world is bustling for profit
Governing a country is like doing business
If you can take advantage of human weaknesses
You can do great things.
Xue Fan is also among them
This time, Ji Chen would like to call him the first sunshine in front of him
Of course, this season has been both good and bad for Omae
This season is called The Order of Tune
The so-called push force
The point is to take grace as the surface
In fact, it is a conspiracy
The contradiction between the king and the court
The Contradiction Transformed into the Imperial Court's Life Woman
That's the venomous nature of the Dawning Order.
transfer contradiction
Madness disintegrates
And the court can sit back and receive the gift of the fisherman